When you start the activities, they will follow the same order as this lesson.
First, you do a warm-up: Use a blank spreadsheet.
You point to a column letter, a row number and a cell.
Then you answer quick checks, so we know the key words make sense.
Next, you practise the real computer skill: Click A1, B1, A2 and C3.
Use the name box or staff prompts to confirm each cell.
You may also type a short answer, for example: Type the name of the first top-left cell.
At the end, you finish with a stretch or reflection: Ask what C2 means: column C, row 2.
Use pointing if spoken explanation is difficult.
Take one activity at a time.
If you need help, ask staff, then try the next step yourself.